Thank you Martha. We will now stand and sing. No, we have an invocation.
I want to get that started.
May we please stand for the invocation prayer to God.
Almighty and ever living God, our loving Heavenly Father,
we gather here to remember the saving grace of Christ,
working through your faithful servants to our ancestors of nation and family.
We thank you for the victories over Satan that they won on our behalf,
and they were forerunners of faith and courage, of loyalty and goodness,
leaving us with traditions that are great and wonderful.
We thank you for all that those who have gone before have done on our behalf,
and of the great blessing that comes to us through their efforts,
through their faith, and from your hand.
Now as we gather here today to remember our past,
we thank you also for the blessings we enjoy from your hand upon our lives at this time.
We open our hearts and spirits to worship and adore you.
And we pray that this afternoon the spirit of the joy of Christ may be upon us,
the spirit of gratitude may be ours,
and that our joy, our music, our gratitude may be expressed in ways that are pleasing to you
and beneficial to all of us.
We pray in Jesus' name, Amen.